Add 'pre-runner-script' option (#154)
machulav/ec2-github-runner: README.md

4. Create a new EC2 image (AMI) from the instance.
5. Remove the instance if not required anymore after the image is created.

> Alternatively, you can use a vanilla EC2 AMI and setup the dependencies setup via `pre-runner-script` in the workflow YAML file:
> ```yaml
>           - name: Start EC2 runner
>             with:
>               mode: start
>               ec2-image-id: ami-07bdb09c49774f92e
>               pre-runner-script: |
>                  sudo yum update -y && \
>                  sudo yum install docker git libicu -y && \
>                  sudo systemctl enable docker
> ```

Reviewer: What if we say like the following, to not give the user the same example two times on the page?

```suggestion
Alternatively, you can use a vanilla EC2 AMI and set up the dependencies via `pre-runner-script` in the workflow YAML file. See example in the `pre-runner-script` documentation below.
```

| `aws-resource-tags`                                                                                                                                                          | Optional. Used only with the `start` mode. | Specifies tags to add to the EC2 instance and any attached storage. <br><br> This field is a stringified JSON array of tag objects, each containing a `Key` and `Value` field (see example below). <br><br> Setting this requires additional AWS permissions for the role launching the instance (see above).                         |
| `runner-home-dir`                                                                                                                                                              | Optional. Used only with the `start` mode. | Specifies a directory where pre-installed actions-runner software and scripts are located.<br><br> |

> | `pre-runner-script`                                                                                                                                                              | Optional. Used only with the `start` mode. | Specifies bash commands to run before the runner starts.  It's useful for installing dependencies with apt-get, yum, dnf, etc. For example:<pre>          - name: Start EC2 runner<br>            with:<br>              mode: start<br>              ec2-image-id: ami-07bdb09c49774f92e<br>              pre-runner-script: \|<br>                 sudo yum update -y && \ <br>                 sudo yum install docker git libicu -y<br></pre>

Reviewer: I would simplify the example a bit:

```suggestion
| `pre-runner-script`                                                                                                                                                              | Optional. Used only with the `start` mode. | Specifies bash commands to run before the runner starts.  It's useful for installing dependencies with apt-get, yum, dnf, etc. For example:<pre>          - name: Start EC2 runner<br>            with:<br>              mode: start<br>              ...<br>              pre-runner-script: \|<br>                 sudo yum update -y && \ <br>                 sudo yum install docker git libicu -y<br></pre>
```

In addition, I would ask you to add the missing `sudo systemctl enable docker` line at the very end to duplicate the setup script from above.
